# Sum Types

Remember when I said, "Pure functions are my favorite part of functional programming"? Well, ***sum types*** are a close second.

A "sum" type is the opposite of a "product" type. This Python object is an example of a product type:

```python
man.studies_finance = True
man.has_trust_fund = False
```

The total number of combinations a `man` can have is `4`, the product of `2 * 2`:

|   studies_finance |   has_trust_fund  |
|   :---:   |   :---:   |
|   True	|   True    |
|   True	|   False   |
|   False	|   True    |
|   False	|   False   |

If we add a third attribute, perhaps a `has_blue_eyes` boolean, the total number of possibilities multiplies again, to `8!`

| studies_finance | has_trust_fund | has_blue_eyes |
|   :---:   |   :---:   |   :---:   | 
|   True	|   True	|   True    |
|   True	|   True	|   False   |
|   True	|   False	|   True    |
|   True	|   False	|   False   |
|   False	|   True	|   True    |
|   False	|   True	|   False   |
|   False	|   False	|   True    |
|   False	|   False	|   False   |

But let's pretend that we live in a world where there are really only three types of people that our program cares about:

Dateable
Undateable
Maybe dateable
We can reduce the number of cases our code needs to handle by using a (admittedly fake Pythonic) sum type with only 3 possible types:

```python
class Person:
    def __init__(self, name):
        self.name = name

class Dateable(Person):
    pass

class MaybeDateable(Person):
    pass

class Undateable(Person):
    pass
```

Then we can use the isinstance built-in function to check if a `Person` is an instance of one of the subclasses. It's a clunky way to represent sum types, but hey, it's Python.

```python
def respond_to_text(guy_at_bar):
    if isinstance(guy_at_bar, Dateable):
        return f"Hey {guy_at_bar.name}, I'd love to go out with you!"
    elif isinstance(guy_at_bar, MaybeDateable):
        return f"Hey {guy_at_bar.name}, I'm busy but let's hang out sometime later."
    elif isinstance(guy_at_bar, Undateable):
        return "Have you tried being rich?"
    else:
        raise ValueError("invalid person type")
```

### Sum Types

As opposed to product types, which can have many (often infinite) combinations, sum types have a *fixed* number of possible values. To be clear: ***Python doesn't really support sum types***. We have to use a workaround and invent our own little system and enforce it ourselves.

## Assignment

Whenever a document is parsed by Doc2Doc, it can either succeed or fail. In functional programming, we often represent errors as data (e.g. the `ParseError` class) rather than by `raise`ing exceptions, because exceptions are side effects. (This isn't standard Python practice, but it's useful to understand from an FP perspective)

Complete the `Parsed` and `ParseError` subclasses.

- [ ]`Parsed` represents success. It should accept a `doc_name` string and a `text` string and save them as properties of the same name.
- [ ]`ParseError` represents failure. It should accept a `doc_name` string and an `err` string and save them as properties of the same name.

The test suite uses the `isinstance` function to see if an error occurred based on the class type.