# Decorators

The `*args` and `**kwargs` syntax is great for decorators that are intended to work on functions with different signatures.

## Example

The `log_call_count` function below doesn't care about the number or type of the decorated function's (`func_to_decorate`) arguments. It just wants to count how many times the function is called. However, it still needs to pass any arguments through to the wrapped function.

```python
def log_call_count(func_to_decorate):
    count = 0

    def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
        nonlocal count
        count += 1
        print(f"Called {count} times")
        # The * and ** syntax unpacks the arguments
        # and passes them to the decorated function
        return func_to_decorate(*args, **kwargs)

    return wrapper
```

## Assignment

Complete the `markdown_to_text_decorator` function. It can decorate a function with *any number of string arguments*, no matter if they're positional or keyword args. It will run the decorated function, but first strip out any Markdown heading symbols (see below for an explanation of Markdown headings).

It should return a wrapper function that takes *args and **kwargs. The wrapper should:

- [x] Map the *args to a new list where each string is converted to plain text using convert_md_to_txt.
- [x] Map the **kwargs to a new dictionary where each "value" is converted to plain text using convert_md_to_txt. The "key" should remain the same.
  - [x] Use the .items() dictionary method to pass a list of tuples of key-value pairs to map
  - [x] Create a function for map which changes the value of an item tuple with convert_md_to_txt
- [ ] Return the result of calling the decorated function with the new arguments.

## Tips

- Take a look at the editor's `formatters.py` file tab to see what the formatter functions do. What arguments are they expecting? You can use `*` tuple unpacking and `**` dictionary unpacking operators to pass variables as the correct arguments.
- The provided `convert_md_to_txt` function takes a string of Markdown text and returns a string of text with any "heading" symbols removed. For example:

| Input | Output |
|-------|--------|
| `# This is a heading` | `This is a heading` |
| `## This is also a heading` | `This is also a heading` |
| `This is not a heading` | `This is not a heading` |
| `* This is also not a heading` | `* This is also not a heading` |
