# Decorators Practice

You can stack decorators, and you can use currying with decorators.

```python
def to_uppercase(func):
    def wrapper(document):
        return func(document.upper())

    return wrapper

def get_truncate(length):
    def truncate(func):
        def wrapper(document):
            return func(document[:length])

        return wrapper

    return truncate

@to_uppercase
@get_truncate(9) # currying
def print_input(input):
    print(input)

print_input("Keep Calm and Carry On")
# prints: "KEEP CALM"
```

Observe that `to_uppercase` wrapped `get_truncate(9)`, and `get_truncate(9)` returned `truncate` which wrapped `print_input`, then `print_input` printed "KEEP CALM" from "Keep Calm and Carry On".

## Assignment

Doc2Doc needs a feature that can take care of encoding characters as escape sequences in HTML documents.

> You might not know anything about HTML. That's fine. This assignment isn't about HTML directly.
>
> Just understand that it's a markup language like Markdown. Certain characters are interpreted as part of HTML syntax. In order to show these characters without interpreting them, they must be escaped, e.g., replace `"<"` with `"&lt;"`.

Complete the `replacer` function.

- [x] It takes as input two strings, `old` and `new`, and returns a function, `replace`.
- [x] `replace` takes an input function, `decorated_func`, and returns a `wrapper` function.
- [x] `wrapper` takes as input a string `text`. It uses `.replace()` string method to replace instances of `old` with `new` in the `text`. Then it returns the result of passing the modified `text` to the `decorated_func`.
- [x] Use a series of the `replacer` function to decorate `tag_pre`. Pass the following pairs of strings to these decorators to encode the escape sequences:
    - [x] Replace `"&"` with `"&amp;"`
    - [x] Replace `"<"` with `"&lt;"`
    - [x] Replace `">"` with `"&gt;"`
    - [x] Replace `'"'` with `"&quot;"`
    - [x] Replace `"'"` with `"&#x27;"`